Oh all I see is this is this where the
young elitist hipsters take on the the
ancient dodging in the way types I love
your band to it I'm the I'm the for
teapot I'm the 45 year old narc I don't
read that max with a rock and roll I
don't read that yeah flipside I don't
watch the TV set you ever get the
feeling that la is dead not debtor than
any other place that's true some
people's minds okay boy
wrap it up I'm cold I'm wet and I'm busy
selling out so I got to get backstage to
my women in my cocaine so what else do
you want to know
[Music]
[Applause]
quite honestly most women bore me you
know if they smoke I'm turned off if
they drink I'm out of there
if they're stupid I'm bored if they're
mean I'm bored if they're trying to use
me I'm out of there so I guess I'm very
picky if they don't work out I'm not
interested the mind is lazy in the
body's lazy who cares I mean working out
physically what's right if they're not
in shape hey go be fat on someone else's
time now one more thing you write a lot
and well we know that your publicist as
well how will your diary of today look
like we came and played our guts out and
then we had I had to do this interview
when I should have been able to be left
alone so I could breathe hard I'm sorry
for them that's okay
well see you later on that okay
[Music]
you actually do target you to quite a
lot is that because they actually took
your own record label SST - core kind of
made them go bust no no a lot of bands a
lot of people want to take us as tea to
court no I just think they're just one
of the examples of how music has been
made into a travesty over the years I
mean a band like that takes a year to
make ten little songs and they take
three years to tour it and then they
want you to elect them to some kind of
disgusting hierarchy these guys just see
it okay to you know let's go to do those
80,000 Cedars and keep milking and
milking you so it's not very musically
ambitious for someone who seems to be so
sincere you got it wrong son
here's an example singers trying to sing
don't get it the singers Lee what he's
trying to sing good deal go way down
dear Ann you used to be fun at least
funny at least gently and amusingly
insane but girlfriend
you've changed the thousand-yard stare
you've acquired in the last couple of
years says lonely nights too much wine
and insecurities about the future of
your career where to now my sweet
fascist
[Music]
record store please I've had a cop put
his gun in my eye socket came into my
room it's John Wayne time man California
Cowboys riding those motorcycles riding
those cars they're all buffed out you
know I've got the pants all tailored all
tight and everything
those guys look great you know Szold
Gold's Gym and you know they're tan
they've got you know they got that big
neck you know they got that you know
mustache and and the thing that's really
great about these copses they look like
like leather boys they look like
hardcore gay guys oh I'm afraid of you
like and and they go I thought you'd hit
me or something and I go why do you
think that was does he look so crazy
when you play what is your opinion of
the recent heavy metal craze of the last
couple of years if you really wanted to
be hard about it you should get up in
all the silly clothes and then go down
to East LA and see how long you last you
know Justin your motley crue outfit you
know and say scream your lyrics and then
go down to East LA where the real hard
people live
[Music]
listen that fucking stupid asshole
redneck told me to get a haircut and go
home listen to that fuckhead
[Applause]
hey go home Gary go home and leave me so
I could drink and fucking be
non-existent dear I don't want to be
anything I wanted to just fucking be
dead and drunk and stupid there okay so
we're gonna cut our hair and we're gonna
get some guns and we're gonna fuck you
right in their ass most of my work comes
from outrage
it was motivates me too it puts enough
fire in my blood tour I can get up and
have to write something that's why I
don't write it like hi girl it's nice to
see you again you know like so many of
these bands I just look at him it's like
how dare you've got on a stage moist
people's time with this insipid crap you
know
[Music]